More texture translation into Chinese and English (#9)
IllusionMods/RG-Translation: README.md

|  10   | Downloader            |
|  11   | Nework Entry          |

## Texture Translations

> Textures use the `Texture` directory. The original textures are in the `Image Source Files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Textures use the `Texture` directory. The original textures are in the `Image Source Files` folder.
```

### The full steps

To translate images:

> 

Reviewer: Better merge the title with the next line, like this:
```suggestion
### How to translate images
```

1. Remove Japanese text by covering background image.
1. Add translated texts and adjust font size.
1. Set text effects to match original texts styles.
1. Save translated PNG files into Texture directory under your language code.

Some images have alpha channel (semi-transparent) so that please make sure transparency is correctly set when making .ps files. Some parts of images have 99% transparency which are easy to be ignored.

> ### .ps files Translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Translating textures using files from an image editor (easy way)
```

> There is an easiler way to tranlsate Texture if the .ps file is ready in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an easier way to translate Textures by using files compatible with image editor softwares. For Room Girl, there are Photoshop files (`.ps` extension) in the repository already. Use the following steps to translate using `.ps` files:
```

> 1. Open .ps files under `Image Source Files\PsFiles` directory with Photoshop. These .ps files have removed origninal Japanese text and translated into Chinese.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open .ps files under `Image Source Files\PsFiles` directory with Photoshop. These .ps files have removed original Japanese text and translated into Chinese.
```

> 1. Double click Chinese text you like to translate and fill the text in your language. All text effects are set but you may need to adjust font size and position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Double click Chinese text you like to translate and replace the text with your language. All text effects are set but you may need to adjust font size and position.
```
